# Prerequisites
All API requests shall go through the DaGuard Station that runs as a service at your own data center. After the organization and user permissions are set up at DaGuard site, wallets can ONLY be created through DaGuard Station to ensure you have ultimate control of two private keys and keep them within your network. The DaGuard Station also handles all the client-side operations before submitting them to DaGuard through secured API.

Before using DaGuard Station, please make sure you have done the following things:

1. **Create an API key**
2. **Install Java Runtime Environment**
3. **Install and Start DaGuard Station**


## Create an API key

***API Key***

Before being able to send any requests, you must create API key via the DaGuard website. Upon creation, you will be provided 3 pieces of information that you must remember:

* **API-KEY**  (Generated by daguard)
* **API-KEY-SECRET**  (Generated by daguard)
* **API-KEY-PASSPHRASE**  (Provided by user and daguard stores the salted hash of the passphrase to further secure the api access)

***API Key Permissions***

You can restrict the following access levels of API keys under coin level

+ VIEW
    * [Get Wallet](WALLETS.md#get-wallet)
    * [Get All Wallets](WALLETS.md#get-all-wallets)
    * [Get Wallet Address](WALLETS.md#get-wallet-address)
    * [Get Transfer Request](TRANSFERS.md#get-transfer-request)
    * [Get Pending Approval Transfer Requests](TRANSFERS.md#get-pending-approval-transfer-requests)
    * [Get Transfer By transferId](TRANSFERS.md#get-transfer-by-transferid)
    * [Get All Transfers](TRANSFERS.md#get-all-transfers)
+ SPEND
    * [Create Wallet Address]((WALLETS.md#create-wallet-address)
    * [Create Transfer Request](TRANSFERS.md#create-transfer-request)
+ ADMIN
    * [Get Pending Approval Transfer Requests](TRANSFERS.md#get-pending-approval-transfer-requests)
    * [Approve Pending Approval Transfer Request](TRANSFERS.md#approve-pending-approval)
    * [Reject Pending Approval Transfer Request](TRANSFERS.md#reject-pending-approval-transfer-request)
+ CREATE_WALLET
    * [Create Wallet]((WALLETS.md#create-wallet)
+ WEBHOOK_NOTIFICATION
    * [Webhook Types](WEBHOOK.md#webhook-types)
    * [Transfer Webhook](WEBHOOK.md#transfer-webhook)
    * [Pending Approval Webhook](WEBHOOK.md#pending-approval-webhook)
    * [Create Webhook](WEBHOOK.md#create-webhook)
    * [Get Wallet All Webhooks](WEBHOOK.md#get-wallet-all-webhooks)
    * [Delete Wallet Webhook](WEBHOOK.md#delete-wallet-webhook)





## Install Java Runtime Environment
<aside class="notice">
DaGuard Station is a Java Application, so you need to install the Java Runtime Environment(JRE) on your system.
If your already had JRE installed, you should check that you have JRE version 8 Update151 or greater installed. If not, we recommend that you install a more recent version of JRE.
</aside>

You can check the version of JRE you have installed with the follwing command from a terminal prompt:

<code>java -version</code>

***Download and Install Java Runtime Environment***

Click <a href="https://www.java.com/en/download/" target="_blank">download</a> to download JRE .



## Install and Start DaGuard Station
+ Click <a href="/api/DaGuard-Station.zip" download="DaGuard-Station.zip">Download</a> to get DaGuard Station
+ Unzip DaGuard-Station.zip and enter "DaGuard-Station/bin" directory
+ Start on Linux

<code>$ ./start-daguard.sh</code>

+ Start on Windows

<code>$ start-daguard.bat</code>


# DaGuard Station
After DaGuard Station is started, you can start creating wallets via DaGuard Station UI. The Station UI can be accessed through **http://localhost:8657** or **http://{box ip}:8657** if you access through the network.

Currently, all wallets can only be created through DaGuard Station located in your data center to ensure you have ultimate control of two private keys and keep them within your network.  Once created, these wallets can be accessed after logging into the DaGuard platform.  


# DaGuard API Swagger(Optional)
DaGuard API Swagger is a helpful development tool that helps developers to visualize and interact with all Station REST APIs. The API DaGuard Swagger UI can be accessed through **http://localhost:8657/swagger-ui.html** or **http://{box ip}:8657/swagger-ui.html** if you access through the network.
